# Musicology
For my corpus, i have chosen my own spotify playlist called "Nobodylistenstotechno". This is a corpus of 218+ songs with multiple genres under which techno, hardtechno, early hardstyle, hardcore and industrial hardcore, which gives it a good variety in tempo, groove and release date. Some of the early hardstyle is from beginning 2000, while other, newer, techno tracks are released as recently as this year (2023). 
The clear 4x4 beat pattern in techno must make this playlist very interesting to have a look at, since there is a clear feature in all tracks what they have in common, while also having loads of differences. This is also the reason why i chose this corpus.

One of the key differences in this playlist is the varying tempo of the tracks, and this might group them together, for example: hardcore will have a higher tempo than most techno tracks, and will also have a more aggresive "kickdrum" than techno. by making use of heavily distorted sounds which sets them apart from other tracks.

One of the tracks that will stick out of this playlist is "The First Rebirth" made by Jones & Stephenson, this track lies more in the direction of trance, instead of techno and hardcore. It was released in 1993, which is 30 years earlier than some other tracks in the corpus. Another example of an outlier in the corpus is "Adagio For Strings" made by Tiesto, which is very clearly a trance track, the tempo is lower, it focusses way more on melodic vibes than other tracks in the playlist and is purely instrumental. 

A track that will however not stand out at all, is "The Aftermath" by DYEN, a currently very popular techno track made by a very big name in the current hard techno scene. The way this track is constructed is very similar to most other hard techno being produces nowadays.
